.\"
.\"  cghttpd by Davide Libenzi (coronet/guasi based HTTP server)
.\"  Copyright (C) 2007  Davide Libenzi
.\"
.\"  This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
.\"  it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
.\"  the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or
.\"  (at your option) any later version.
.\"
.\"  This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\"  but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\"  MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\"  GNU General Public License for more details.
.\"
.\"  You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
.\"  along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software
.\"  Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA  02111-1307  USA
.\"
.\"  Davide Libenzi <davidel@xmailserver.org>
.\"
.\"
.TH cghttpd 8 "26 March 2007" "Davide Libenzi" 0.29
.SH NAME
.B cghttpd
\- coronet/guasi based HTTP server

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B cghttpd
.RB [ -p
.IR PORT ]
.RB [ -r
.IR ROOTFS ]
.RB [ -L
.IR LSNBKLOG ]
.RB [ -S
.IR STKSIZE ]
.RB [ -m
.IR MINTHREAD ]
.RB [ -M
.IR MAXTHREADS ]
.RB [ -N ]
.RB [ -h ]

.SH DESCRIPTION
.B cghttpd
is a simple web server that can be used to measure the performance of
network events delivery and generic IO completions, driven by a coroutine
based dispatch engine. The
.B cghttpd
server is based on the
.B coronet
library available at the following URL
.BR http://www.xmailserver.org/coronet-lib.html " ."
The
.B coronet
library is in turn based on the
.B epoll
support available in the 2.6 (or newer) serie of
.B Linux
kernels, with
.B glibc
version of 2.3.2 or newer. The
.B coronet
library is also based on
.B libpcl
available at the following URL
.BR http://www.xmailserver.org/libpcl.html " ."
The
.B cghttpd
server is finally based on the
.B guasi
library, that allows it to handle potentially blocking system calls, in an
asyncrounous way. The
.B guasi
library is available at the following URL
.BR http://www.xmailserver.org/guasi-lib.html " ."
The
.B cghttpd
will not daemonize, and ^C can be used to stop it.


.SH OPTIONS
The following options are recognized by
.BR cghttpd :
.TP
.BI -p " PORT"
Specifies the port onto which
.B cghttpd
will listen to
.IR PORT .
.TP
.BI -r " ROOTFS"
Specifies the home directory for
.B cghttpd
to
.IR ROOTFS .
.TP
.BI -L " LSNBKLOG"
Specifies the
.BR listen (2)
backlog size to
.IR LSNBKLOG .
.TP
.BI -S " STKSIZE"
Specifies the stack size to be used for the coroutines to
.IR STKSIZE .
.TP
.BI -m " MINTHREAD"
Specifies the minimum number of threads for the
.B guasi
thread pool to
.IR MINTHREAD .
.TP
.BI -M " MAXTHREAD"
Specifies the maximum number of threads for the
.B guasi
thread pool to
.IR MAXTHREAD .
.TP
.B -N
Uses the
.B O_NOATIME
flag when opening the content file.
.TP
.B -h
Prints a usage screen.


.SH BUGS
There are no known bugs.  Bug reports and comments to:

Davide Libenzi
.RB < davidel@xmailserver.org >

.SH SOURCE
The latest source code is available at:

.B http://www.xmailserver.org/cghttpd-home.html

.SH LICENSE
The
.B cghttpd
server is free software; you can redistribute it and/or
modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as
published by the Free Software Foundation; either
version 2.0 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.
A copy of the license is available at:

.B http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html

.SH AUTHORS
The
.B glst
package has been developed by:

Davide Libenzi
.RB < davidel@xmailserver.org >

